v0_dev_SSR-1580: Create contributing guide (#922)
kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing Guide

Contributions are always welcome!  

> If you have discovered a bug or have a feature request, [please create an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component/issues/new/choose).  
> Pull requests are also welcome when you find trivial bugs or typos. 
> 
> We use English for all commit messages, code comments, issues, pull requests.  
> 
> Please follwing [Note for Naming Rule](#note-for-naming-rule).  
> 
> 
> This guide to develop and the explanation of the command options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you discover a bug or have a feature request, please [create an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component/issues/new/choose).  
Pull requests are also welcome when you find a trivial bug or a typo. 
	
We use English for all commit messages, code comments, issues, pull requests.    
Please follow [Note for Naming Rule](#note-for-naming-rule) when creating an issue or a pull request.  
	
Here is the guide on the command options and how to develop the package.
```

## Command Guide

> The commands are providing as npm-critpts, please executing `npm run {{ Command }}` in the terminal.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The commands are provided as npm-scripts, so please execute `npm run {Command}` in the terminal.
```

|Command| Summary|
| :---- | :---- |
|build|build:umd(production) and build:esm|
|build:esm|package and generate the ECMAScript Modules (ESM)|
|build:umd|package and generate the production version of the umd file|
|build:umd:dev|package and generate the development version of the umd file|
|transpile|compile and build TypeScript code|
|test|unit test|
|eslint|eslint check|
## How to develop
### Clone and create branch

> #### 1.Please clone from GitHub repository at [here](https://github.com/kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component) to local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 1. Clone from GitHub repository [here](https://github.com/kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component) to local
```

```sh
git clone git@github.com:kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component.git
```

> #### 2.Check out to branch for dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 2. Checkout branch for development
```

> Please refer [Branch naming rule](#Branch) and create a new branch(base on [branch:v0_dev](https://github.com/kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component/tree/v0_dev/)) for developing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to [Branch naming rule](#Branch) and create a new branch(base on [branch:v0_dev](https://github.com/kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component/tree/v0_dev/)) for development from the next version branch. 
```

```sh
git checkout <branch v0_dev>
git branch <branch name>
git checkout <branch name>
```
### Setup

> This repository is a Siggle-repo Monolith using npm.

Reviewer: What is Siggle-repo Monolith??

Author: This means that there is only one project in this repository.
https://css-tricks.com/from-a-single-repo-to-multi-repos-to-monorepo-to-multi-monorepo/

```sh
cd kintone-ui-component
npm ci
```
### Develop
#### 1. Implement your functions/features

> #### 2. Eslint check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 2. ESLint check
```sh
npm run eslint
```
```

> #### 3. Commit and Create Pull-Request(Naming Rule refer [here](#Pull-Request))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 3. Commit and Create Pull Request
Please refer to [Pull Request naming rule](#Pull-Request).
```

### Build
```sh

> npm run build:umd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm run build
or
npm run build:umd:dev
or
npm run build:umd
or
npm run build:esm
```

```
### Update document

> Please refer [Document with MKDocs](https://github.com/kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component/blob/v0_dev/docs/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to [Document with MKDocs](https://github.com/kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component/blob/v0_dev/docs/README.md).
```

## Note for Naming Rule

### Branch

> You can create many other child branches to implement source code for functions/features and/or unit tests and/or user guides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create several other child branches to implement source code for functions/features and/or unit tests and/or user guides.
```

> The format of the Branch Name is as follows  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The format of the Branch Name is as follows:  
```

```sh

> [Version No]_Title

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{Version Number}_Title
```

```
For example
```sh

> origin/master/v1.1.0
>   |__origin/master/v1.1.0_Button_src
>   |__origin/master/v1.1.0_Button_unit_test
>   |__origin/master/v1.1.0_Button_docs
>   |__origin/master/v1.1.0_Notification_docs  
>   |__origin/master/v1.1.0_Text_src
> 

Reviewer: You can delete the lines for v1.
```suggestion
```

origin/v0_dev/v0.8.3
  |__origin/v0_dev/v0.8.3_Button_src
  |__origin/v0_dev/v0.8.3_Button_unit_test
  |__origin/v0_dev/v0.8.3_Button_docs
  |__origin/v0_dev/v0.8.3_Notification_docs  
  |__origin/v0_dev/v0.8.3_Text_src
```
### Pull Request

> If you finish the implementation of the child branches, you should merge from the parent branch before creating a pull request against it.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you finish the implementation under the child branches, you should merge from the parent branch before creating a pull request against it.
```

> The format of the PR title is as follows  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The format of the Pull Request Title is as follows:  
```

```sh

> [PR Type] PR Title

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Pull Request Type] Title
```

```

> PR types are as follows  
> | Type |	Example |
> | :---- | :---- |
> | Bugfix |	[BugFix] Fix a bug |
> | HotFix |	[HotFix] Urgently fix something |
> | CS | [CS] Fix Coding Style |
> | Feature | [Feature] Wrote a new feature |
> | Update | [Update] Changed a doc file |
> | Refactor | [Refactor] Refactored a certain function |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pull Request types are as follows:  
| Type | Example |
| :---- | :---- |
| BugFix | [BugFix] Fix a bug |
| HotFix | [HotFix] Urgently fix something |
| CS | [CS] Fix coding style |
| Feature | [Feature] Write a new feature |
| Update | [Update] Change a doc file |
| Refactor | [Refactor] Refactor a certain function |
```

### Issue

> The format of the issue title is as follows  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The format of the Issue Title is as follows:  
```

```sh

> [Issue Type] Issue Title  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Issue Type] Title
```

```

> |Type| Example|
> |:----|:----|
> |Bug report| [Bug report] Found a bug about XXX |
> |Feature request|[Feature request] Suggest an idea about XXX|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Type| Example|
|:----|:----|
|BugReport| [BugReport] Found a bug about XXX |
|FeatureRequest|[FeatureRequest] Suggest an idea about XXX|
```

## How to develop
### Clone and create branch

#### 1. Clone from GitHub repository [here](https://github.com/kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component) to local

```sh
git clone git@github.com:kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component.git
```

#### 2. CheckOut branch for development
Please refer to [Branch naming rule](#Branch) and create a new branch(base on [branch:v0_dev](https://github.com/kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component/tree/v0_dev/)) for development from the next version branch. 
```sh

> git checkout <branch v0_dev>

Reviewer: Will this be the correct command?
git checkout v0_dev

git branch <branch name>
git checkout <branch name>
```
### Setup

> This repository is a Siggle-repo using npm.

Reviewer: Please fix the misspelling.
> Single Repo

#### 2. CheckOut branch for development
Please refer to [Branch naming rule](#Branch) and create a new branch(base on [branch:v0_dev](https://github.com/kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component/tree/v0_dev/)) for development from the next version branch. 
```sh
git checkout v0_dev
git branch <branch name>
git checkout <branch name>
```
### Setup

> This repository is a Siggle Repo using npm.

Reviewer: I was saying about `Single` not `Siggle`.

```
### Pull Request

If you finish the implementation under the child branches, you should merge from the parent branch before creating a pull request against it.  

The format of the Pull Request Title is as follows:  
```sh
[Pull Request Type] Title
```

Pull Request types are as follows:  
| Type | Example |
| :---- | :---- |
| Bugfix | [BugFix] Fix a bug |
| HotFix | [HotFix] Urgently fix something |
| CS | [CS] Fix coding style |
| Feature | [Feature] Write a new feature |
| Update | [Update] Change a doc file |
| Refactor | [Refactor] Refactor a certain function |

### Issue

> The format of the Issue Title is as follows  

Reviewer: Please add `:` at the end of the line.
